README.md, before:

# GitHub API Sandbox

My attempt at learning the [GitHub API](https://developer.github.com/v3).

Development (via JavaScript) in conjunction with [https://github.com/DrkSephy/git-api](https://github.com/DrkSephy/git-api).


## TODO

```
[X] [get_commits.js ] Given a repository, return the number of commits made by each contributor.
[X] [get_comments.js] Given a repository, return the number of comments made by each contributor on all issues.
[X] [get_pulls.js   ] Given a repository, return the number of pull requests made by each contributor.
[?] [               ] Given a repository, return the number of lines of code made by each contributor.
[X] [get_comments.js] Given a repository, return the number of comments made by each contributor for all pull requests.
[X] [get_comments.js] Given a repository, return the number of comments made by each contributor for all commits.
[X] [get_issues.js  ] Given a repository, return the number of issues opened by each contributor.
[?] [               ] Given a repository, return the number of issues closed by each contributor.
[X] [get_issues.js  ] Given a repository, return the number of issues assigned to each contributor.
[X] [get_issues.js  ] Given a repository, return all issues.
```

## Miscellaneous Scripts

* `get_contributors.js`: Gets all contributor names for a specific repository. Sample script testing the `getContributors()` function in `utils.js`.
* `get_repos.js`: Gets all public repositories for a specific user.
* `utils.js`: Common utility functions.

Commit message:

Added get line addition and deletion script and HTML page. Updated index.html and README.

README.md, after:

# GitHub API Sandbox

My attempt at learning the [GitHub API](https://developer.github.com/v3).

Development (via JavaScript) in conjunction with [https://github.com/DrkSephy/git-api](https://github.com/DrkSephy/git-api).


## TODO

```
[X] [get_commits.js ] Given a repository, return the number of commits made by each contributor.
[X] [get_comments.js] Given a repository, return the number of comments made by each contributor on all issues.
[X] [get_pulls.js   ] Given a repository, return the number of pull requests made by each contributor.
[?] [get_lines.js   ] Given a repository, return the number of lines of code (addition and deletion) made by each contributor.
[X] [get_comments.js] Given a repository, return the number of comments made by each contributor for all pull requests.
[X] [get_comments.js] Given a repository, return the number of comments made by each contributor for all commits.
[X] [get_issues.js  ] Given a repository, return the number of issues opened by each contributor.
[?] [               ] Given a repository, return the number of issues closed by each contributor.
[X] [get_issues.js  ] Given a repository, return the number of issues assigned to each contributor.
[X] [get_issues.js  ] Given a repository, return all issues.
```

## Miscellaneous Scripts

* `get_contributors.js`: Gets all contributor names for a specific repository. Sample script testing the `getContributors()` function in `utils.js`.
* `get_repos.js`: Gets all public repositories for a specific user.
* `utils.js`: Common utility functions.
